## Analysis Configurations and Outputs
This `analyses` subdirectory contains four subdirectories (`3seq`, `gard`, `iqtree`, and `beast`), each corresponding to one type of analysis and comprising the analysis outputs.
Each analysis-specific subdirectory are further structured with dataset-specific subdirectories.
The `3seq` subdirectory contains six dataset-specific subdirectories as the datasets without any recombinant triplets detected by `3SEQ` are excluded.
The `gard` subdirectory contains 11 dataset-specific subdirectories; for four datasets `GARD` was unable to run as these alignments are shorter than what `GARD` requires.
Each dataset-specific subdirectory in `iqtree` contains the `.treefile` and `best_model.nex` result files of each of the 20 IQ-TREE analysis replicate runs.
The `beast` subdirectory contains the `BEAST` XML scripts for the phylodynamic analyses and the posterior output files (containing both the parameter samples and the phylogenetic tree) of each dataset.
We only include one XML script for each dataset that specifies the first one-billion-iteration replicate run as other runs are configured identically or only differ by the chain length.
The XML scripts of the SARS-CoV-2 datasets contain no real sequence data due to GISAID's policy, so reproducing these analyses requires first obtaining the sequences from GISAID according to the IDs we provide in the corresponding `data` subdirectory and then replacing the place holders in the XML scripts with the corresponding aligned sequences.

Each dataset-specific subdirectory in `beast` also includes some of the posterior output files that we analyzed to characterize the phylodynamic tree space in this study.
To allow sharing in this GitHub repository, these posteriors are subsampled by every million iterations after discarding the first 200 million iterations as the burnin.
Additional posterior output files (excluded here due to size limit) and identical outputs but sampled more frequently (every 100 thousand generations) are available in the `beast_outputs` subdirectory in the Zenodo repository.

We present a list of the files and briefly explain the variables each file contains below; the files that are included here are bolded (see the `beast_outputs` of the Zenodo repository for the other files).
We first provide the posterior outputs directly generated by `BEAST`.
| file name | variables |
|----------|----------|
| param_run*.log    | model parameters |
| prob_run*.log    | probability density values |
| sky_run*.log    | interval-specific effective population size of the Skygrid coalescent model (present when the analyses of the corresponding dataset assumed the Skygrid model) |
| sitell_run*.log   | likelihood of each site  |
| run*.trees   | dated phylogenetic trees |

We also provide the results produced by post processing the `BEAST` posterior samples.
| file name | variables |
|----------|----------|
| __alipscore_run*.log__    | parsimony score across the sequence alignment given each sampled tree |
| sitepscore_run*.log    | parsimony score of each site in the alignment given each sampled tree |
| **run\*_MCC.tree**   | maximum-clade credibility (MCC) tree summarized for each run |
| __combined_MCC.tree__   | MCC tree summarized across all   |

Finally we provide the clade-specific summaries of the clades whose posterior probability is at least 0.1 in any of the replicate runs (after the first 200 million iterations discarded as the burnin).
| file name | variables |
|----------|----------|
| __cladeshared_anyp10min_notip_noroot_pb200000000_combined.tsv__    | a spreadsheet showing the list of such clades (the tip indices in the third column follow the taxon order in the tree files but starting from 0 instead of 1) |
| __cladeshared_anyp10min_notip_noroot_pb200000000_run*.tsv__    | the estimated posterior probability of the shared clades in the replicate run |
| __cladeshared_freq_anyp10min_notip_noroot_run*.log__    | the presence (1) or absence (0) of each clade in each iteration  |
| cladeshared_height_anyp10min_run*.log    | the height of the MRCA of each clade in each iteration |
| cladeshared_length_anyp10min_noroot_run*.log   | the length (time duration) of the subtending branch of each clade in each iteration |
